# a new day of a new life.

### 22/6/25  big sun and very hot

## Happy and no rules.

I don't know where is the actually wrong on my words but I know there must have and not few. But 
the most important thing is to have nice day and, do what I have to do, and don't care others' 
words and follow my heard. The star gleam in her eyes make me know what I should do and I will.

## Why English?

I will write something in Chinses but what I want to say every day is already enough using my 
English and I want to improve my English. So this opportunity for every time's practice is fine.

## What would say?

It depends. But this is just a diary, and I'm a casual person so I will say anythinig I think 
about and I promise it's legal! And the motivation which run me write this is to have a good life 
and have no regret in future. In my opinion, my efficiency in school is not well because of 
sleeping late and play phone game. But the actually situation is that I almost cost no time to 
study at home in the past. So it's a time-honored challenge for me to refresh my life.

## content

### With others

This morning I have no idea about this day but Mr.gu have already get up and in his position to 
review the coming **Data Structure** while I sleep in my bed. I kown this is a sharp contrast but 
in my mind I say I don't care. Actually I don't care. I know what I want. Don't like them lazy and 
greed to pursuit their score in course. After that just lying on bed and do nothing. Maybe it's a 
little more but I think university is not like this in mmy opinion. Though I have not done well. 
But we always be influenced by others, though know they are wrong. Just like at the moment, I'm 
writing my English diary and they other five are all in their hard review. I have nothing to say 
and I should't. It's their option, and I have my life. My life is don't impacted by others and 
have my own style and **always do not care about what look like matter but actually not.**

### My plan

This day I have finished my **session project**, which is really a shit but someone appreciate 
it. From that I know that when we do cooperation the most important thing is to find a good 
partner. Who have power to plan the all thing, pursuit the excellent result, a good aesthetic 
and not-stupid brain.

After that I begin my own learning on **SICP** and **CSAPP**, the second book belong to me one 
year ago, but I just start reading it... So this day my first task is learn this two book. 
In addition, linux system, vim, shell and the relevat thing is ok to learn. And at when necessary
learn **Computer composition principle**.

Besides, some non-computer books is necessary.

bye. Messy draft.
