# Conclusion and think

### friday, hot

## What day of the week do you like?

I still remenber a word I always said at junior high's class：

>What day of the week do you like?

>Friday, bucause the next day is satday.

similarly words I can remenber like this:

>Hi, how are you?

>I'm fine, thanks, how about you?

>I'm ok, thank you.

Sometimes we say rote is useless and we should do it more efficient, but when I review my 
English learning experience which may looks a little awkward, It astounding that I can only 
say this sentence I get them by roting.

When we first learn something there is a gate in front of us, if we don't access it we can just 
remenber something by rote learning. Only when we work hard and hard again can we acrose the 
gate, and then where is a new world.

Coincidentally, I just read a article writen by **Schopenhauer** whose subject is 
**read and think**. He says reading is not a good way to learn, on the contrary, it is a 
terrible thing which make us being led by the nose rather than explore and think the universe by 
ourselves. What he said is both right and wrong. In the rapidly changing information age, we 
could bing left far behind, only learning everyday can make us more like a mordem people, so 
it's not realistic to learn only by thinking ourselves. But on the other hand, we should think 
that how much time do we spend thinking totally by ourselves? Almost none, really funny.

Splay tree is funny too and red-black tree is a implementation of 2-3 tree.

Good day.
